packages/@aws-cdk/aws-ivs-alpha/README.md, before:

# AWS::IVS Construct Library
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![cdk-constructs: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/cdk--constructs-experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> The APIs of higher level constructs in this module are experimental and under active development.
> They are subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any future version. These are
> not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model and breaking changes will be
> announced in the release notes. This means that while you may use them, you may need to update
> your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---

<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

Amazon Interactive Video Service (Amazon IVS) is a managed live streaming
solution that is quick and easy to set up, and ideal for creating interactive
video experiences. Send your live streams to Amazon IVS using streaming software
and the service does everything you need to make low-latency live video
available to any viewer around the world, letting you focus on building
interactive experiences alongside the live video. You can easily customize and
enhance the audience experience through the Amazon IVS player SDK and timed
metadata APIs, allowing you to build a more valuable relationship with your
viewers on your own websites and applications.

This module is part of the [AWS Cloud Development Kit](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk) project.

## Channels

An Amazon IVS channel stores configuration information related to your live
stream. You first create a channel and then contribute video to it using the
channel’s stream key to start your live stream.

You can create a channel

```ts
const myChannel = new ivs.Channel(this, 'Channel');
```

You can use Advanced Channel type by setting the `type` property to
`ivs.ChannelType.ADVANCED_HD` or `ivs.ChannelType.ADVANCED_SD`.

Additionally, when using the Advanced Channel type, you can set
the `preset` property to `ivs.Preset.CONSTRAINED_BANDWIDTH_DELIVERY`
or `ivs.Preset.HIGHER_BANDWIDTH_DELIVERY`.

For more information, see [Amazon IVS Streaming Configuration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ivs/latest/LowLatencyUserGuide/streaming-config.html).

```ts
const myChannel = new ivs.Channel(this, 'myChannel', {
  type: ivs.ChannelType.ADVANCED_HD,
  preset: ivs.Preset.CONSTRAINED_BANDWIDTH_DELIVERY,
});
```

If you want to use RTMP ingest, set `insecureIngest` property to `true`.
By default, `insecureIngest` is `false` which means using RTMPS ingest.

**⚠ Note:** RTMP ingest might result in reduced security for your streams. AWS recommends that you use RTMPS for ingest, unless you have specific and verified use cases. For more information, see [Encoder Settings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ivs/latest/LowLatencyUserGuide/streaming-config.html#streaming-config-settings).

```ts
const myRtmpChannel = new ivs.Channel(this, 'myRtmpChannel', {
  type: ivs.ChannelType.STANDARD,
  insecureIngest: true, // default value is false
});
```

### Importing an existing channel

You can reference an existing channel, for example, if you need to create a
stream key for an existing channel

```ts
const myChannel = ivs.Channel.fromChannelArn(this, 'Channel', myChannelArn);
```

## Stream Keys

A Stream Key is used by a broadcast encoder to initiate a stream and identify
to Amazon IVS which customer and channel the stream is for. If you are
storing this value, it should be treated as if it were a password.

You can create a stream key for a given channel

```ts fixture=with-channel
const myStreamKey = myChannel.addStreamKey('StreamKey');
```

## Private Channels

Amazon IVS offers the ability to create private channels, allowing
you to restrict your streams by channel or viewer. You control access
to video playback by enabling playback authorization on channels and
generating signed JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) for authorized playback requests.

A playback token is a JWT that you sign (with a playback authorization key)
and include with every playback request for a channel that has playback
authorization enabled.

In order for Amazon IVS to validate the token, you need to upload
the public key that corresponds to the private key you use to sign the token.

```ts
const keyPair = new ivs.PlaybackKeyPair(this, 'PlaybackKeyPair', {
  publicKeyMaterial: myPublicKeyPemString,
});
```

Then, when creating a channel, specify the authorized property

```ts
const myChannel = new ivs.Channel(this, 'Channel', {
  authorized: true, // default value is false
});
```

## Recording Configurations

An Amazon IVS Recording Configuration stores settings that specify how a channel's live streams should be recorded.
You can configure video quality, thumbnail generation, and where recordings are stored in Amazon S3.

For more information about IVS recording, see [IVS Auto-Record to Amazon S3 | Low-Latency Streaming](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ivs/latest/LowLatencyUserGuide/record-to-s3.html).

You can create a recording configuration:

```ts
// create an S3 bucket for storing recordings
const recordingBucket = new s3.Bucket(this, 'RecordingBucket');

// create a basic recording configuration
const recordingConfiguration = new ivs.RecordingConfiguration(this, 'RecordingConfiguration', {
  bucket: recordingBucket,
});
```

### Renditions of a Recording

When you stream content to an Amazon IVS channel, auto-record-to-s3 uses the source video to generate multiple renditions.

For more information, see [Discovering the Renditions of a Recording](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ivs/latest/LowLatencyUserGuide/record-to-s3.html#r2s3-recording-renditions).

```ts
declare const recordingBucket: s3.Bucket;

const recordingConfiguration= new ivs.RecordingConfiguration(this, 'RecordingConfiguration', {
  bucket: recordingBucket,

  // set rendition configuration
  renditionConfiguration: ivs.RenditionConfiguration.custom([ivs.Resolution.HD, ivs.Resolution.SD]),
});
```

### Thumbnail Generation

You can enable or disable the recording of thumbnails for a live session and modify the interval at which thumbnails are generated for the live session.

Thumbnail intervals may range from 1 second to 60 seconds; by default, thumbnail recording is enabled, at an interval of 60 seconds.

For more information, see [Thumbnails](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ivs/latest/LowLatencyUserGuide/record-to-s3.html#r2s3-thumbnails).

```ts
declare const recordingBucket: s3.Bucket;

const recordingConfiguration = new ivs.RecordingConfiguration(this, 'RecordingConfiguration', {
  bucket: recordingBucket,

  // set thumbnail settings
  thumbnailConfiguration: ivs.ThumbnailConfiguration.interval(ivs.Resolution.HD, [ivs.Storage.LATEST, ivs.Storage.SEQUENTIAL], Duration.seconds(30)),
});
```

### Merge Fragmented Streams

The `recordingReconnectWindow` property allows you to specify a window of time (in seconds) during which, if your stream is interrupted and a new stream is started, Amazon IVS tries to record to the same S3 prefix as the previous stream.

In other words, if a broadcast disconnects and then reconnects within the specified interval, the multiple streams are considered a single broadcast and merged together.

For more information, see [Merge Fragmented Streams](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ivs/latest/LowLatencyUserGuide/record-to-s3.html#r2s3-merge-fragmented-streams).

```ts
declare const recordingBucket: s3.Bucket;

const recordingConfiguration= new ivs.RecordingConfiguration(this, 'RecordingConfiguration', {
  bucket: recordingBucket,

  // set recording reconnect window
  recordingReconnectWindow: Duration.seconds(60),
});
```

### Attaching Recording Configuration to a Channel

To enable recording for a channel, specify the recording configuration when creating the channel:

```ts
declare const recordingConfiguration: ivs.RecordingConfiguration;

const channel = new ivs.Channel(this, 'Channel', {
  // set recording configuration
  recordingConfiguration: recordingConfiguration,
});
```

Commit message:

feat(ivs): support Multitrack Video (#33370)
### Issue # (if applicable)
N/A

### Reason for this change
To support Multitrack video features.



### Description of changes
Add following properties:

* containerFormat
* multitrackInputConfiguration




### Describe any new or updated permissions being added

Nothing.




### Description of how you validated changes

Add unit tests and an integ test.



### Checklist
- [x] My code adheres to the [CONTRIBUTING GUIDE](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [DESIGN GUIDELINES](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/blob/main/docs/DESIGN_GUIDELINES.md)

----

*By submitting this pull request, I confirm that my contribution is made under the terms of the Apache-2.0 license*

packages/@aws-cdk/aws-ivs-alpha/README.md, after:

# AWS::IVS Construct Library
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->

---

![cdk-constructs: Experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/cdk--constructs-experimental-important.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> The APIs of higher level constructs in this module are experimental and under active development.
> They are subject to non-backward compatible changes or removal in any future version. These are
> not subject to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) model and breaking changes will be
> announced in the release notes. This means that while you may use them, you may need to update
> your source code when upgrading to a newer version of this package.

---

<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

Amazon Interactive Video Service (Amazon IVS) is a managed live streaming
solution that is quick and easy to set up, and ideal for creating interactive
video experiences. Send your live streams to Amazon IVS using streaming software
and the service does everything you need to make low-latency live video
available to any viewer around the world, letting you focus on building
interactive experiences alongside the live video. You can easily customize and
enhance the audience experience through the Amazon IVS player SDK and timed
metadata APIs, allowing you to build a more valuable relationship with your
viewers on your own websites and applications.

This module is part of the [AWS Cloud Development Kit](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk) project.

## Channels

An Amazon IVS channel stores configuration information related to your live
stream. You first create a channel and then contribute video to it using the
channel’s stream key to start your live stream.

You can create a channel

```ts
const myChannel = new ivs.Channel(this, 'Channel');
```

You can use Advanced Channel type by setting the `type` property to
`ivs.ChannelType.ADVANCED_HD` or `ivs.ChannelType.ADVANCED_SD`.

Additionally, when using the Advanced Channel type, you can set
the `preset` property to `ivs.Preset.CONSTRAINED_BANDWIDTH_DELIVERY`
or `ivs.Preset.HIGHER_BANDWIDTH_DELIVERY`.

For more information, see [Amazon IVS Streaming Configuration](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ivs/latest/LowLatencyUserGuide/streaming-config.html).

```ts
const myChannel = new ivs.Channel(this, 'myChannel', {
  type: ivs.ChannelType.ADVANCED_HD,
  preset: ivs.Preset.CONSTRAINED_BANDWIDTH_DELIVERY,
});
```

If you want to use RTMP ingest, set `insecureIngest` property to `true`.
By default, `insecureIngest` is `false` which means using RTMPS ingest.

**⚠ Note:** RTMP ingest might result in reduced security for your streams. AWS recommends that you use RTMPS for ingest, unless you have specific and verified use cases. For more information, see [Encoder Settings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ivs/latest/LowLatencyUserGuide/streaming-config.html#streaming-config-settings).

```ts
const myRtmpChannel = new ivs.Channel(this, 'myRtmpChannel', {
  type: ivs.ChannelType.STANDARD,
  insecureIngest: true, // default value is false
});
```

### Multitrack Video

Multitrack video is a new, low-latency streaming paradigm supported by Amazon Interactive Video Service (IVS) and services that use Amazon IVS.

You can use Multitrack Video by setting the `multitrackInputConfiguration` property.
Multitrack Video requires both a STANDARD Channel and Fragmented Mp4.

For more information, see [Amazon IVS Multitrack Video](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ivs/latest/LowLatencyUserGuide/multitrack-video.html).

```ts
new ivs.Channel(this, 'ChannelWithMultitrackVideo', {
  type: ivs.ChannelType.STANDARD,
  containerFormat: ivs.ContainerFormat.FRAGMENTED_MP4,
  multitrackInputConfiguration: {
    maximumResolution: ivs.MaximumResolution.HD,
    policy: ivs.Policy.ALLOW,
  },
});
```

### Importing an existing channel

You can reference an existing channel, for example, if you need to create a
stream key for an existing channel

```ts
const myChannel = ivs.Channel.fromChannelArn(this, 'Channel', myChannelArn);
```

## Stream Keys

A Stream Key is used by a broadcast encoder to initiate a stream and identify
to Amazon IVS which customer and channel the stream is for. If you are
storing this value, it should be treated as if it were a password.

You can create a stream key for a given channel

```ts fixture=with-channel
const myStreamKey = myChannel.addStreamKey('StreamKey');
```

## Private Channels

Amazon IVS offers the ability to create private channels, allowing
you to restrict your streams by channel or viewer. You control access
to video playback by enabling playback authorization on channels and
generating signed JSON Web Tokens (JWTs) for authorized playback requests.

A playback token is a JWT that you sign (with a playback authorization key)
and include with every playback request for a channel that has playback
authorization enabled.

In order for Amazon IVS to validate the token, you need to upload
the public key that corresponds to the private key you use to sign the token.

```ts
const keyPair = new ivs.PlaybackKeyPair(this, 'PlaybackKeyPair', {
  publicKeyMaterial: myPublicKeyPemString,
});
```

Then, when creating a channel, specify the authorized property

```ts
const myChannel = new ivs.Channel(this, 'Channel', {
  authorized: true, // default value is false
});
```

## Recording Configurations

An Amazon IVS Recording Configuration stores settings that specify how a channel's live streams should be recorded.
You can configure video quality, thumbnail generation, and where recordings are stored in Amazon S3.

For more information about IVS recording, see [IVS Auto-Record to Amazon S3 | Low-Latency Streaming](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ivs/latest/LowLatencyUserGuide/record-to-s3.html).

You can create a recording configuration:

```ts
// create an S3 bucket for storing recordings
const recordingBucket = new s3.Bucket(this, 'RecordingBucket');

// create a basic recording configuration
const recordingConfiguration = new ivs.RecordingConfiguration(this, 'RecordingConfiguration', {
  bucket: recordingBucket,
});
```

### Renditions of a Recording

When you stream content to an Amazon IVS channel, auto-record-to-s3 uses the source video to generate multiple renditions.

For more information, see [Discovering the Renditions of a Recording](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ivs/latest/LowLatencyUserGuide/record-to-s3.html#r2s3-recording-renditions).

```ts
declare const recordingBucket: s3.Bucket;

const recordingConfiguration= new ivs.RecordingConfiguration(this, 'RecordingConfiguration', {
  bucket: recordingBucket,

  // set rendition configuration
  renditionConfiguration: ivs.RenditionConfiguration.custom([ivs.Resolution.HD, ivs.Resolution.SD]),
});
```

### Thumbnail Generation

You can enable or disable the recording of thumbnails for a live session and modify the interval at which thumbnails are generated for the live session.

Thumbnail intervals may range from 1 second to 60 seconds; by default, thumbnail recording is enabled, at an interval of 60 seconds.

For more information, see [Thumbnails](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ivs/latest/LowLatencyUserGuide/record-to-s3.html#r2s3-thumbnails).

```ts
declare const recordingBucket: s3.Bucket;

const recordingConfiguration = new ivs.RecordingConfiguration(this, 'RecordingConfiguration', {
  bucket: recordingBucket,

  // set thumbnail settings
  thumbnailConfiguration: ivs.ThumbnailConfiguration.interval(ivs.Resolution.HD, [ivs.Storage.LATEST, ivs.Storage.SEQUENTIAL], Duration.seconds(30)),
});
```

### Merge Fragmented Streams

The `recordingReconnectWindow` property allows you to specify a window of time (in seconds) during which, if your stream is interrupted and a new stream is started, Amazon IVS tries to record to the same S3 prefix as the previous stream.

In other words, if a broadcast disconnects and then reconnects within the specified interval, the multiple streams are considered a single broadcast and merged together.

For more information, see [Merge Fragmented Streams](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ivs/latest/LowLatencyUserGuide/record-to-s3.html#r2s3-merge-fragmented-streams).

```ts
declare const recordingBucket: s3.Bucket;

const recordingConfiguration= new ivs.RecordingConfiguration(this, 'RecordingConfiguration', {
  bucket: recordingBucket,

  // set recording reconnect window
  recordingReconnectWindow: Duration.seconds(60),
});
```

### Attaching Recording Configuration to a Channel

To enable recording for a channel, specify the recording configuration when creating the channel:

```ts
declare const recordingConfiguration: ivs.RecordingConfiguration;

const channel = new ivs.Channel(this, 'Channel', {
  // set recording configuration
  recordingConfiguration: recordingConfiguration,
});
```
